routing/special_routes.md, before:

# Special routes

## '404' Error

To see special routes, use the switcher.

It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type falls on the page, ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route`.

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

- This error usually means that the requested resource was not found on the server.

- When using `Special route` all standard routes are ignored, including `*` with any `Order pos`

- `Special route` must have a `Template`.

- `Special route` must be created separately for each domain.

## Examples:

- Let's go to the `/wrapper/blablabla/` route, ILC will render [Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), because the specified route does not exactly match our routes, аnd all other routes (like `*`) will be ignored (in this case `navbar` it's part of [Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), **not** our route `*` with `Order pos - 100`).

![ILC registry second example](../assets/routes/route.png)

**Result:**

![ILC registry fourth example result](../assets/routes/fourth-case-result.png)

## '500' Error

This error is a simple HTML template.
It is designed in such a way that ILC can render it under any conditions.

![ILC registry 500 Error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)

Commit message:

docs: add description for 404 error

routing/special_routes.md, after:

# Special routes

## '404' Error

To see special routes, use the switcher.

It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type falls on the page, ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route`.

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

- This error usually means that the requested resource was not found on the server.

- When using `Special route` all standard routes are ignored, including `*` with any `Order pos`.

- If you want something else to be displayed on the page besides the error (header, footer, etc.), you need to add them to the [Slot](./routing/route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) as in the screenshot below (This is necessary because standard routes are ignored).

![ILC registry error slot](../assets/routes/error-slot.png)

- `Special route` must have a `Template`.

- `Special route` must be created separately for each domain.

## Examples:

- Let's go to the `/wrapper/blablabla/` route, ILC will render [Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), because the specified route does not exactly match our routes, аnd all other routes (like `*`) will be ignored (in this case `navbar` it's part of [Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), **not** our route `*` with `Order pos - 100`).

![ILC registry second example](../assets/routes/route.png)

**Result:**

![ILC registry fourth example result](../assets/routes/fourth-case-result.png)

## '500' Error

This error is a simple HTML template.
It is designed in such a way that ILC can render it under any conditions.

![ILC registry 500 Error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)
